Update getting-started.md (#359)
antrea-io/theia: docs/getting-started.md

Theia requires that Antrea v1.7.0 or later is installed in the Kubernetes
cluster.

### Configuration

In addition to enabling the Flow Exporter feature gate, you need to ensure
that the `flowExporter.enable` flag is set to true in the Antrea Agent
configuration.

your `antrea-agent` ConfigMap should look like this:

```yaml
  antrea-agent.conf: |
    ...
    featureGates:
      ...
      FlowExporter: true
    flowExporter:
      ...
      enable: true
```

> From Antrea v1.8, you can deploy Antrea through Helm by running the following

Reviewer: better to say From Antrea v1.8, till v1.12

Theia requires that Antrea v1.7.0 or later is installed in the Kubernetes
cluster.

### Configuration

Please ensure the Flow Exporter feature of Antrea Agent is enabled in the Antrea deployment manifest.

> You need to set both `featureGates.FlowExport` flag and `flowExporter.enable` flag to true.

Reviewer 2: Could you help wrap them at ~80?

Author: Sure. Thanks for the reminder.

Theia requires that Antrea v1.7.0 or later is installed in the Kubernetes
cluster.

### Configuration

Please ensure the Flow Exporter feature of Antrea Agent is enabled in the
Antrea deployment manifest. You need to set both `featureGates.FlowExport`
flag and `flowExporter.enable` flag to true.

> your `antrea-agent` ConfigMap should look like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `antrea-agent` ConfigMap should look like this:
```

Author: Updated. Thanks.

your `antrea-agent` ConfigMap should look like this:

```yaml
  antrea-agent.conf: |
    ...
    featureGates:
      ...
      FlowExporter: true
    flowExporter:
      ...
      enable: true
```

From Antrea v1.8, you can deploy Antrea through Helm by running the following
commands:
You can also deploy Antrea through Helm by running the following
commands.

```bash
helm repo add antrea https://charts.antrea.io
helm install antrea antrea/antrea -n kube-system --set featureGates.FlowExporter=true
helm install antrea antrea/antrea -n kube-system --set featureGates.FlowExporter=true --set flowExporter.enable=true
```

This will install the latest available version of Antrea with the Flow Exporter

> feature enabled. You can also install a specific version of Antrea (>= v1.8.0)

Reviewer: Is this --version tag being removed from v1.13.0?

Author: No. I was thinking it might be confusing if we state the version here as this section is for version larger or equal to v1.13.
I've added it back.

one simply needed to enable the feature gate, and the Flow Exporter related
configuration could be configured using the (now deprecated)
`flowCollectorAddr`, `flowPollInterval`, `activeFlowExportTimeout`,
`idleFlowExportTimeout` parameters.

> your `antrea-agent` ConfigMap should look like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `antrea-agent` ConfigMap should look like this:
```

Author: Updated. Thanks.

Theia requires that Antrea v1.7.0 or later is installed in the Kubernetes
cluster.

### Configuration

In addition to enabling the Flow Exporter feature gate, you need to ensure
that the `flowExporter.enable` flag is set to true in the Antrea Agent
configuration.

> 

Author: Updated. Thanks.

your `antrea-agent` ConfigMap should look like this:

```yaml
  antrea-agent.conf: |
    ...
    featureGates:
      ...
      FlowExporter: true
    flowExporter:
      ...
      enable: true
```

From Antrea v1.8, you can deploy Antrea through Helm by running the following
commands.

When using Antrea v1.13 or greater:

```bash
helm repo add antrea https://charts.antrea.io
helm install antrea antrea/antrea -n kube-system --set featureGates.FlowExporter=true --set flowExporter.enable=true
```

This will install the latest available version of Antrea with the Flow Exporter
feature enabled.

When using Antrea v1.8 - v1.12:

You can install a specific version of Antrea (v1.8 - v1.12)
with `--version <TAG>`.

```bash
helm repo add antrea https://charts.antrea.io
helm install antrea antrea/antrea -n kube-system --set featureGates.FlowExporter=true --version <TAG>
```

For more information about Antrea Helm chart, please refer to
[Antrea Helm chart installation instructions](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/blob/main/docs/helm.md).

> #### Configuration pre Antrea v1.13

Author: I changed the structure.

- ### Configuration -> for Antrea v1.13
- #### Configuration pre Antrea v1.13  -> for Antrea v1.8 - v1.12.

Both of them includes the yaml format and helm instruction. Hope it can clear the confusion?

helm install antrea antrea/antrea -n kube-system --set featureGates.FlowExporter=true
```

> Ensure `flowExporter.enable` flag is set to true when the version of Antrea is later than v1.13.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ensure `flowExporter.enable` flag is set to true when using Antrea v1.13 or greater.
```
I feel "when the version of Antrea is later than v1.13" is not appropriate as it seems excludes v1.13

Author: Thanks for reviewing.
We have similar paragraph, but we don't have helm instruction there.
I've updated the document. Please take a look to see if it is clear now?

> Ensure `flowExporter.enable` flag is set to true when the version of Antrea is later than v1.13.

Reviewer: To me, this paragraph should switch the order with the paragraph above. So the order will be like:

- `>=v1.13`

- `v1.8 - v1.12`

not a strong opinion though
